Add 'setup.py' for install (#2)
pochedls/xsearch: README.md

`xsearch` will create a file in your home directory to support version checking.

> Alternatively, you can download the contents of this repository and import the package (or the `search.py` file). In this case, we suggest you watch the repository (in GitHub) so that you know when there are version changes. You can either add `export PYTHONPATH='/PATH/TO/YOUR/XSEARCH/'` in your `~/.bashrc` or use the following commend to make xsearch importable:
> 
>     python setup.py install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can download the contents of this repository and import the package (or the `search.py` file). In this case, we suggest you watch the repository (in GitHub) so that you know when there are version changes. You can either add `export PYTHONPATH='/PATH/TO/YOUR/XSEARCH/'` to your `~/.bashrc` file or execute the following command to include xsearch in your current conda environment:

    python setup.py install
```
